README.md, before:

## About

Kepler is a small TCP server written in C powered by libuv, an asynchronous networking library. It powers the Habbo Hotel version 18 client from 2007 era. The aim is to fully replicate this version by writing the back-end server in the C11 language.

## Requirements

This server is only supported on Linux/POSIX systems. For Windows users, to use Kepler you must use the [Linux Subsystem for Windows](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10) in order to run and compile the app in a Linux environment.

#### Linux distribution version requirements
One of these, the choice is yours:
- Arch Linux
- Ubuntu 18.04+
- Fedora 28+ Workstation

The commands shown below apply to Ubuntu 18.04+. If you're using Fedora or Arch Linux, you should replace `apt` with `dnf` for Fedora or `pacman` for Arch Linux.

Other distributions have not been tested.

#### Note on using Ubuntu in WSL
This only applies if you're using [WSL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux)

If your current version of Ubuntu in [WSL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux) is 17.10 or lower, it needs to be upgraded to 18.04.
Run these commands to upgrade.

First check if an upgrade is needed:
```
$ lsb_release -a
```

Do not continue further if the version printed equals 18.04 or higher

```
$ sudo apt update
$ sudo apt upgrade
$ sudo -S apt-mark hold procps strace sudo
$ sudo -S env RELEASE_UPGRADER_NO_SCREEN=1 do-release-upgrade -d
```

## Downloading dependencies

First, run these commands to ensure you have everything required to compile Kepler.

```
$ sudo apt install make cmake
$ sudo apt install git
$ sudo apt install libuv1-dev
$ sudo apt install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev
$ sudo apt install libsodium-dev
```

## Cloning this repository

```
$ git clone --recursive https://github.com/Quackster/Kepler
```

**or**

```
$ git clone https://github.com/Quackster/Kepler
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Compile Kepler

These commands will compile and run Kepler, first make sure you're in the directory of Kepler.

```
$ cmake .
$ make
$ ./Kepler
```

The CMake command is only necessary if you make changes to CMakeLists.txt, because it will rebuild the cache.

Commit message:

Update README.md: add WSL guide

README.md, after:

## About

Kepler is a small TCP server written in C powered by libuv, an asynchronous networking library. It powers the Habbo Hotel version 18 client from 2007 era. The aim is to fully replicate this version by writing the back-end server in the C11 language.

## Requirements

This server is only supported on Linux/POSIX systems. For Windows users, to use Kepler you must use the [Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install-win10) in order to run and compile the app in a Linux environment.

We will refer to Windows Subsystem for Linux as WSL from this point

There's an step-by-step guide on WSL [here](http://wsl-guide.org/en/latest/).

#### Linux distribution version requirements
One of these, the choice is yours:
- Arch Linux
- Ubuntu 18.04+
- Fedora 28+ Workstation

The commands shown below apply to Ubuntu 18.04+. If you're using Fedora or Arch Linux, you should replace `apt` with `dnf` for Fedora or `pacman` for Arch Linux.

Other distributions have not been tested.

#### Note on using Ubuntu in WSL
This only applies if you're using [WSL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux)

If your current version of Ubuntu in [WSL](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Windows_Subsystem_for_Linux) is 17.10 or lower, it needs to be upgraded to 18.04.
Run these commands to upgrade.

First check if an upgrade is needed:
```
$ lsb_release -a
```

Do not continue further if the version printed equals 18.04 or higher

```
$ sudo apt update
$ sudo apt upgrade
$ sudo -S apt-mark hold procps strace sudo
$ sudo -S env RELEASE_UPGRADER_NO_SCREEN=1 do-release-upgrade -d
```

## Downloading dependencies

First, run these commands to ensure you have everything required to compile Kepler.

```
$ sudo apt install make cmake
$ sudo apt install git
$ sudo apt install libuv1-dev
$ sudo apt install sqlite3 libsqlite3-dev
$ sudo apt install libsodium-dev
```

## Cloning this repository

```
$ git clone --recursive https://github.com/Quackster/Kepler
```

**or**

```
$ git clone https://github.com/Quackster/Kepler
$ git submodule update --init --recursive
```

## Compile Kepler

These commands will compile and run Kepler, first make sure you're in the directory of Kepler.

```
$ cmake .
$ make
$ ./Kepler
```

The CMake command is only necessary if you make changes to CMakeLists.txt, because it will rebuild the cache.
